all right so the VIP is plugged in let's
turn on the bike should be an amber
light supposedly the amber light means
software's updating so it would go
through a bunch of different phases
light still amber hopefully it's working
mentions in the instructions sometimes
it may freeze or look like it's not
doing anything but the entire process
can take up to 15 minutes
supposedly each time the speedometer
goes through this series it's loading a
different piece of software onto the
bike there's supposedly four in total
you can see on the VIP still amber
once it's done completing all for the
amber light should turn green if it was
successful I mean you know it's a
successful firmware update speedometer
continues to climb
well that was the last programming
session the VIP turned green looks as if
it was successful dashboard is back to
my normal mileage not showing any type
of programming language headlight just
turned on appears to have been
successful I'll let you guys know what
happens